abolish abolish
abolished abolish
abolishes abolish
abolishing abolish
accompanied accompany
accompanies accompany
accompany accompany
accompanying accompany
acetylate acetylate
acetylated acetylate
acetylates acetylate
acetylating acetylate
activate activate
activated activate
activates activate
activating activate
adhere adhere
adhered adhere
adheres adhere
adhering adhere
affect affect
affected affect
affecting affect
affects affect
alter alter
altered alter
altering alter
alters alter
antagonise antagonise
antagonised antagonise
antagonises antagonise
antagonising antagonise
antagonize antagonise
antagonized antagonise
antagonizes antagonise
antagonizing antagonise
associate associate
associated associate
associates associate
associating associate
attenuate attenuate
attenuated attenuate
attenuates attenuate
attenuating attenuate
augment augment
augmented augment
augmenting augment
augments augment
bind bind
binding bind
binds bind
block block
blocked block
blocking block
blocks block
bound bind
cause cause
caused cause
causes cause
causing cause
change change
changed change
changes change
changing change
compete compete
competed compete
competes compete
competing compete
complex complex
complexed complex
complexes complex
complexing complex
contribute contribute
contributed contribute
contributes contribute
contributing contribute
control control
controled control
controling control
controlled control
controlling control
controls control
convert convert
converted convert
converting convert
converts convert
cooperate cooperate
cooperated cooperate
cooperates cooperate
cooperating cooperate
correlate correlate
correlated correlate
correlating correlate
costimulate costimulate
co-stimulate costimulate
costimulated costimulate
co-stimulated costimulate
costimulating costimulate
co-stimulating costimulate
cripple cripple
crippled cripple
cripples cripple
crippling cripple
cross-react crossreact
cross-reacted crossreact
cross-reacting crossreact
cross-reacts crossreact
decrease decrease
decreased decrease
decreases decrease
decreasing decrease
degrade degrade
degraded degrade
degrades degrade
degrading degrade
depend depend
depended depend
depending depend
depends depend
dephosphorylate dephosphorylate
dephosphorylated dephosphorylate
dephosphorylates dephosphorylate
dephosphorylating dephosphorylate
depress depress
depressed depress
depresses depress
depressing depress
determine determine
determined determine
determines determine
determining determine
diminish diminish
diminished diminish
diminishes diminish
diminishing diminish
direct direct
directed direct
directing direct
directs direct
disrupt disrupt
disrupted disrupt
disrupting disrupt
disrupts disrupt
dissociate dissociate
dissociated dissociate
dissociating dissociate
dissociation dissociate
downregulate downregulate
down-regulate downregulate
downregulated downregulate
down-regulated downregulate
downregulates downregulate
down-regulates downregulate
downregulating downregulate
down-regulating downregulate
drive drive
driven drive
drives drive
driving drive
effect effect
effected effect
effecting effect
effects effect
elavating elevate
elevate elevate
elevated elevate
elevates elevate
elevating elevate
eliminate eliminate
eliminated eliminate
eliminates eliminate
eliminating eliminate
engage engage
engaged engage
engages engage
engaging engage
enhance enhance
enhanced enhance
enhances enhance
enhancing enhance
express express
expressed express
expresses express
expressing express
facilitate facilitate
facilitates facilitate
facilitating facilitate
faciliteted facilitate
follow follow
followed follow
following follow
follows follow
form form
formed form
forms form
fuse fuse
fused fuse
fuses fuse
fusing fuse
generate generate
generated generate
generates generate
generating generate
govern govern
governed govern
governing govern
governs govern
impact impact
impacted impact
impacting impact
impacts impact
impair impair
impaired impair
impairing impair
impairs impair
inactivate inactivate
inactivated inactivate
inactivates inactivate
inactivating inactivate
inactivation inactivate
increase increase
increased increase
increases increase
increasing increase
induce induce
induced induce
induces induce
inducing induce
influence influence
influenced influence
influences influence
influencing influence
inhibit inhibit
inhibited inhibit
inhibiting inhibit
inhibits inhibit
initiate initiate
initiated initiate
initiates initiate
initiating initiate
interact interact
interacted interact
interacting interact
interacts interact
involve involve
involved involve
involves involve
involving involve
lead lead
leading lead
leads lead
led lead
ligate ligate
ligated ligate
ligates ligate
ligating ligate
limit limit
limited limit
limiting limit
limits limit
link link
linked link
linking link
links link
mediate mediate
mediated mediate
mediates mediate
mediating mediate
mobilisation mobilise
mobilise mobilise
mobilised mobilise
mobilises mobilise
mobilising mobilise
mobilization mobilise
mobilize mobilise
mobilized mobilise
mobilizes mobilise
mobilizing mobilise
modified modify
modifies modify
modify modify
modifying modify
modulate modulate
modulated modulate
modulates modulate
modulating modulate
neutralise neutralise
neutralised neutralise
neutralises neutralise
neutralising neutralise
neutralize neutralise
neutralized neutralise
neutralizes neutralise
neutralizing neutralise
perturb perturb
perturbed perturb
perturbing perturb
perturbs perturb
phosphoryates phosphoryate
phosphorylate phosphoryate
phosphorylated phosphoryate
phosphorylates phosphoryate
phosphorylating phosphoryate
phospohorylated phosphoryate
potentiate potentiate
potentiated potentiate
potentiates potentiate
potentiating potentiate
prducing produce
precede precede
preceded precede
precedes precede
preceding precede
prevent prevent
prevented prevent
preventing prevent
prevents prevent
produce produce
produced produce
produces produce
producing produce
promote promote
promoted promote
promotes promote
promoting promote
raise raise
raised raise
raises raise
raising raise
reactivate reactivate
reactivated reactivate
reactivates reactivate
reactivating reactivate
recognise recognise
recognised recognise
recognises recognise
recognisind recognise
recognising recognise
recognize recognise
recognized recognise
recognizes recognise
recognizing recognise
recruit recruit
recruited recruit
recruiting recruit
recruits recruit
reduce reduce
reduced reduce
reduces reduce
reducing reduce
regulate regulate
regulated regulate
regulates regulate
regulating regulate
repress repress
repressed repress
represses repress
repressing repress
require require
required require
requires require
requiring require
respond respond
responded respond
responding respond
responds respond
result result
resulted result
resulting result
results result
signal signal
signaled signal
signaling signal
signals signal
stimulate stimulate
stimulated stimulate
stimulates stimulate
stimulating stimulate
suppress suppress
suppressed suppress
suppresses suppress
suppressing suppress
synergise synergise
synergised synergise
synergises synergise
synergising synergise
synergize synergise
synergized synergise
synergizes synergise
synergizing synergise
target target
targeted target
targeting target
targets target
terminate terminate
terminated terminate
terminates terminate
terminating terminate
transactivate transactivate
trans-activate transactivate
transactivated transactivate
trans-activated transactivate
transactivates transactivate
trans-activates transactivate
transactivating transactivate
trans-activating transactivate
transcribe transcribe
transcribed transcribe
transcribes transcribe
transcribing transcribe
transform transform
transformed transform
transforming transform
transforms transform
trigger trigger
triggered trigger
triggering trigger
triggers trigger
upregulate upregulate
up-regulate upregulate
upregulated upregulate
up-regulated upregulate
upregulates upregulate
up-regulates upregulate
upregulating upregulate
up-regulating upregulate
abolish abolish
abolished
abolishes
abolishing
acceptor acceptor
accompanied accompany
accompanies
accompany
accompanying
accumulation accumulate
acetylate acetylate
acetylated
acetylates
acetylating
acetylation
act act
acts
acting
action
activate activate
activated
activates
activating
activation
activator
affect affect
affects
affinities affinit
affinity
agonist agonist
alter alter
altered
altering
associate associate
associated
associates
associating
association
associations
attach attach
attached
attaches
attaching
attachment
attack attack
attacked
attacking
attacks
attenuate attenuate
attenuated
attenuates
attenuating
augment augment
augmented
augmenting
augments
bind bind
binding
binds
bound
block block
blockage
blocked
blocking
blocks
carbamoylate carbamoylate
carbamoylates
carbamoylated
carbamoylation
carboxylate carboxylate
carboxylates
carboxylation
cause cause
caused
causes
causing
change change
changed
changes
changing
characterize characterize
characterizes
characterization
characterized
cleavage cleave
cleave
cleaved
cleaves
cleaving
coimmunoprecipitate coimmunoprecipitate
coimmunoprecipitates
coimmunoprecipitated
co-immunoprecipitate
co-immunoprecipitates
co-immunoprecipitated
coimmunoprecipitated
co-immunoprecipitated
coimmunoprecipitates
co-immunoprecipitates
coimmunoprecipitating
co-immunoprecipitating
coimmunoprecipitation
co-immunoprecipitation
coimmunoprecipitations
co-immunoprecipitations
coactivator coactivator
coassociation coassociate
coexpression coexpress
co-expression
colocalization colocalize
co-localization
colocalized
co-localized
co-localizing
compete compete
competed
competes
competing
complex complex
complexation
complexed
complexes
complexing
concentration concentrate
conjugate conjugate
conjugated
conjugates
conjugating
conjugation
conserved conserve
consisted consist
consisting
consists
contact contact
contacted
contacting
contacts
contain contain
contained
containing
contains
contribute contribute
contributed
contributes
contributing
control control
controled
controling
controlled
controlling
controls
convert convert
converted
converting
converts
cooperate cooperate
cooperated
cooperates
cooperating
cooperative
coprecipitate coprecipitate
co-precipitate
coprecipitated
co-precipitated
co-precipitates
co-precipitating
coprecipitates
coprecipitating
co-precipitation
co-precipitations
correlate correlate
correlated
correlating
costimulate costimulate
co-stimulate
co-stimulated
costimulated
co-stimulating
costimulating
cripple cripple
crippled
cripples
crippling
correlation correlate
counterreceptor counterreceptor
cross-link crosslink
cross-linked
cross-linking
crosslinker
crosslinking
cross-links
cross-react crossreact
cross-reacted
cross-reacting
cross-reacts
cross-reacting
cross-talk crosstalk
deacetylate deacetylate
deacetylated
deacetylates
deacetylating
deacetylation
deaminated deaminate
deamination
decarboxylated decarboxylate
decarboxylates
decarboxylation
decrease decrease
decreased
decreases
decreasing
decreasing
degrade degrade
degraded
degrades
degrading
dehydrated dehydrate
dehydrogenated
dehydrogenation
depend depend
depended
dependent
depending
depends
dephosphorylate dephosphorylate
dephosphorylated
dephosphorylates
dephosphorylating
dephosphorylation
depress depress
depressed
depresses
depressing
determine determine
determined
determines
determining
diminish diminish
diminished
diminishes
diminishing
direct direct
directed
directing
directs
disrupt disrupt
disrupted
disrupting
disruption
disrupts
dissociate dissociate
dissociated
dissociating
dissociation
distribute distribute
distributed
distributes
distribution
dock dock
docked
docking
docks
downregulate downregulate
down-regulate
down-regulate
downregulated
down-regulated
downregulates
down-regulates
down-regulates
down-regulating
down-regulating
downregulating
downregulation
down-regulation
drive drive
driven
drives
driving
effect effect
effected
effecting
effects
elavating elevate
elevate 
elevated
elevates
elevating
eliminate eliminate
eliminated
eliminates
eliminating
engage engage
engaged
engages
engaging
encode encode
encoded
encodes
encoding
enhance enhance
enhanced
enhances
enhancing
evoke evoke
evoked
express express
expressed
expresses
expressing
expression
facilitate facilitate
facilitates
facilitating
faciliteted
follow follow
followed
following
follows
form form
formation
formed
forms
formylated
function function
functioned
functions
fuse fuse
fused
fuses
fusing
generate generate
generated
generates
generating
glycosylated glycosylate
glycosylates
glycosylation
govern govern
governed
governing
governs
heterodimer heterodimer
heterodimerization
heterodimerize
heterodimerized
heterodimerizes
heterodimerizing
heterodimers
homodimer homodimer
homodimerization
homodimerize
homodimerized
homodimerizes
homodimers
hydrolyse hydrolyse
hydrolysed
hydrolyses
hydrolysing
hydrolysis
homologous homologous
homologue
identified identify
immunoprecipitate immunoprecipitate
immunoprecipitated
immunoprecipitates
immunoprecipitating
impact impact
impacted
impacting
impacts
impair impair
impaired
impairing
impairs
implicate implicate
implicated
inactivate inactivate
inactivated
inactivates
inactivating
inactivation
inactive
incorporate incorporate
incorporated
incorporates
incorporation
increase increase
increased
increases
increasing
induce induce
induced
induces
inducing
induction
influence influence
influenced
influences
influencing
inhibit inhibit
inhibited
inhibiting
inhibition
inhibitor
inhibits
initiate initiate
initiated
initiates
initiating
interact interact
interacted
interacting
interaction
interactions
interacts
involve involve
involved
involvement
involves
involving
isomerization isomerize
isomerize
isomerized
isomerizes
isomerizing
lead lead
leading
leads
led
ligand ligand
ligate ligate
ligated
ligates
ligating
ligation
limit limit
limited
limiting
limits
link link
linked
linking
links
localization localize
mediate mediate
mediated
mediates
mediating
methylate methylate
methylated
methylates
methylating
methylation
mobilisation mobilise
mobilise
mobilised
mobilises
mobilising
mobilization
mobilize
mobilized
mobilizes
mobilizing
modified modify
modifies
modify
modifying
modulate modulate
modulated
modulates
modulating
neutralise neutralise
neutralised
neutralises
neutralising
neutralize
neutralized
neutralizes
neutralizing
oxidization oxidize
oxidize
oxidized
oxidizes
oxidizing
pair pair
paired
pairing
pairs
peroxidizing peroxidize
perturb perturb
perturbed
perturbing
perturbs
phosphoryates phosphorylate
phosphorylate
phosphorylated
phosphorylates
phosphorylating
phosphorylation
potentiate potentiate
potentiated
potentiates
potentiating
precede precede
preceded
precedes
preceding
prevent prevent
prevented
preventing
prevents
prducing produce
produce
produced
produces
producing
promote promote
promoted
promotes
promoting
raise raise
raised
raises
raising
reactivate reactivate
reactivated
reactivates
reactivating
recognise recognise
recognised
recognises
recognising
recognize
recognized
recognizes
recognizing
recruit recruit
recruited
recruiting
recruitment
recruits
reduce reduce
reduced
reduces
reducing
reduction
regulate regulate
regulate
regulated
regulated
regulates
regulates
regulating
regulating
regulation
regulator
relate relate
related
repress repress
repressed
represses
repressing
require require
required
requires
requiring
respond respond
responded
responding
responds
response response
responses
responsible
result result
resulted
resulting
results
reversed reverse
sequester sequester
sequestered
sequestering
sequesters
signal signal
signaled
signaling
signals
stabilization stabilize
stabilized
stimulate stimulate
stimulated
stimulates
stimulating
stimulation
suppress suppress
suppressed
suppresses
suppressing
synergise synergise
synergised
synergises
synergising
synergize
synergized
synergizes
synergizing
target target
targeted
targeting
targets
terminate terminate
terminated
terminates
terminating
tether tether
tethered
tethering
tethers
transactivate transactivate
trans-activate
trans-activated
transactivated
transactivates
trans-activates
transactivating
trans-activating
transamination transaminate
transcribe transcribe
transcribed
transcribes
transcribing
transform transform
transformed
transforming
transforms
trigger trigger
triggered
triggering
triggers
ubiquitinate ubiquitinate
ubiquitinated
ubiquitinates
ubiquitinating
ubiquitination
upregulate upregulate
up-regulate
up-regulated
up-regulated
upregulated
upregulates
up-regulates
up-regulates
up-regulating
up-regulating
upregulating
upregulation
up-regulation
